Docs: add download github blog (#250)
linkall-labs/docs: blog/2023-02-11-download-github-blog/index.md

---
title: How to download from GitHub
authors: Veda
tags: ['GitHub', 'download', 'GitHub file']

---

#  How to download from GitHub

> ![github](./img/github.jpeg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![github](img/github.jpeg)
```

GitHub is a robust platform that enables developers to manage their software development projects efficiently, collaborates with others, and maintain a complete history of changes and versions. 

> If you are new to using GitHub and Git, learning how to download open-source code from GitHub is an excellent place to start. This blog will talk about how to download files from GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are new to GitHub and Git, learning how to download open-source code from GitHub is an excellent place to start. This blog will talk about how to download files from GitHub.
```

<!--truncate-->

## Table of Contents

- What is GitHub?

- How to download a file from GitHub?

  - Step 1: Find the file you want to download on GitHub
  - Step 2: Open the file in the browser
  - Step 3: Download the contents of the file to the local

- How to Download a GitHub Repository?

  - Step 1: Find the GitHub repository
  - Step 2: Click "Download ZIP"

- How to download a release from GitHub？

  - Step 1: Find the GitHub repository you need to download
  - Step 2: Find the Assets section
  - Step 3: Download a release from GitHub

- Automate GitHub with Vanus

  

## What is GitHub?

> <img src="./img/what-is-github.png" alt="what-is-github" style="zoom:67%;" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![github](img/what-is-github.png)
```

GitHub has a vast collection of open-source projects and a robust developer community, making it a crucial tool for modern software development.

## How to download a file from GitHub?

To download a file from GitHub, you can follow these steps:

### Step 1: Find the file you want to download on GitHub

- Go to the GitHub repository that contains the file you want to download.
- Navigate to the file you want to download, and click **Go to file** to view its contents.

![github-file-download](./img/github-file-download.png)

### Step 2: Open the file in the browser

-  Click the file you want to download. This will open the file in GitHub.

![open the file in GitHub](./img/open the file in GitHub.png)

- Click on the **Raw** button to open the raw code in your browser.
  - ![raw button in GitHub](./img/raw button in GitHub.png)

### Step 3: Download the contents of the file to the local

- Select **Save Link As** (or equivalent option) to download the file to your local machine.

![Download the code for the GitHub file](./img/Download the code for the GitHub file.png)

## How to Download a GitHub Repository？

> If you want to download the files of a repository and not clone it, you can download the repository as a zip archive from GitHub. Here's how:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to download the whole repository instead of a specific file, you can download the repository as a zip archive from GitHub. Here's how:
```
